Okay, I think we have one last thing to
do, which is definitely the best part.
When we win,
there needs to be rainbow colors, right?
I mean, I thought about doing something
like the, do you remember solitaire,
when you win and
every other cards would bounce down?
I thought about doing that with all the
tiles, which would have been sweet, but
it would have taken a long time.
I started coding, I was like, I can't make
these poor students spend like an hour
with me writing bouncing tiles.
[LAUGH] It would have been fun, believe
me, but we're not gonna do that today.
Last thing here.
I just do it directly
in the wind condition.
So let's just do it there.
Where is our wind condition?
Hear, where we win,
we definitely just need to say,
document.query, actually,
is it just the info bar?
Which one is it?
Yeah, query selector.
And we're just gonna grab the brand,
.brand,
which is the word masters at the top,
right?
And then we're just gonna say
.classList.add, and what do I call it?
Win, winner.
I refresh the wordy masters now and
I say, ivory.
Now check that distance out.
Now the person feels like a winner, right?
That is it.
That's the whole wordy masters.
And again, if you get sick
of guessing the word ivory,
all you gotta do is come in here and
say, Random equals one.
And now I legitimately do not know
what the word's gonna come back here.
No I'm not gonna try and
guess, cuz this will take me too long and
I'll be very embarrassed about it.
But we can cheat and
look at the network tab, which by the way,
you can totally do with Wordle [LAUGH] No,
I wasn't tracking it.
So I actually don't know
what it's gonna be.
But I could just say pools,
anyway, whatever.
Gone to the sands of time.
So, that's word masters.
>> How long did it take you to do this?
End-to-end, it probably took me, I'm gonna
say, it takes me a bit longer cuz I'm
trying to write it really simple link,
like coding, so that you can do.
If I was just gonna do this
straight up for just myself and
not really care about teaching it,
I could probably do in like 45 minutes.
Give or take, 25 minutes and
getting caught in some weird bug.
If I was new and getting started coding,
this would probably take
me a couple of days.
Yeah, this is difficult,
I'm throwing hard things at you.
But also the thing that, like for
me when I was starting out coding and
coding some of these bigger projects,
I spent weeks of my life,
perhaps multiple months,
working on chess, for one of my classes.
A full chess game and
coding all that stuff.
I'm still proud of that program, right?
And so, that's why I kinda throw some
of these hard curveballs at you,
because you learn so
much by struggling through them.
So even if it gets frustrating, it's hard,
pushing through it, you'll be both mad and
learning at the same time.
And I'm okay with that.
I'm okay upsetting you a little bit.
But I don't wanna discourage you.
That's the balance there,
that we try and strike.
So please don't get discouraged it's hard.
Yeah, it's a good exercise.
And again, you have the answers all there.
If you wanna go see how I did it, it's
all totally there in the course notes.